.DS_Store
00auto-highlight.rpy
00auto-highlight.rpyc
7dots.rpy
7dots.rpyc
Assya Font Official.otf
ComicRelief.ttf
PhoneTexting.rpy
PhoneTexting.rpyc
find_items_game.rpy
find_items_game.rpyc
game.rpy
game.rpyc
glitchs_api.rpy
glitchs_api.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
init.rpy
init.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
places_excursion.rpy
places_excursion.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
script_alexander.rpy
script_alexander.rpyc
script_eve.rpy
script_eve.rpyc
script_jenya_ch1.rpy
script_jenya_ch1.rpyc
script_jenya_ch2.rpy
script_jenya_ch2.rpyc
script_jenya_ch3.rpy
script_jenya_ch3.rpyc
script_jenya_ending_bad.rpy
script_jenya_ending_bad.rpyc
script_jenya_ending_good.rpy
script_jenya_ending_good.rpyc
script_timur.rpy
script_timur.rpyc
snowblossom.rpy
snowblossom.rpyc
audio\Cozy.mp3
audio\Morning.ogg
audio\Past Sadness.mp3
audio\ReceiveText.ogg
audio\SendText.ogg
audio\Sincerely.mp3
audio\Wholesome.mp3
audio\ambulance.mp3
audio\ambulance2.mp3
audio\bibika.mp3
audio\bumaga.ogg
audio\click.ogg
audio\door.mp3
audio\gameover.ogg
audio\gamewin.ogg
audio\happy-sad.mp3
audio\park.mp3
audio\perelist.mp3
audio\room.mp3
audio\screamer.mp3
audio\shower.mp3
audio\signal.mp3
audio\stamp.mp3
audio\steps.mp3
audio\stuk.mp3
audio\zvuk11.ogg
audio\music\First_dream.mp3
audio\music\snowsteps.mp3
cache\bytecode-39.rpyb
cache\py3analysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
cache\shaders.txt
gui\bubble.png
gui\ctc.png
gui\diary_menu.png
gui\diary_menu_open.png
gui\diary_test.png
gui\frame.png
gui\gallery_menu.png
gui\gallery_menu1.png
gui\game_menu.png
gui\gtextbox.png
gui\history_menu.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\namebox.png
gui\notify.png
gui\nvl.png
gui\preferences_menu.png
gui\preferences_menu2.png
gui\skip.png
gui\snow1.png
gui\snow2.png
gui\textbox.png
gui\thoughtbubble.png
gui\window_icon.png
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\top.png
gui\button\bt_back_hover.png
gui\button\bt_back_idle.png
gui\button\bt_backmm_hover.png
gui\button\bt_backmm_idle.png
gui\button\bt_history_back_hover.png
gui\button\bt_history_back_idle.png
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\d_zhenya_hover.png
gui\button\d_zhenya_hover2.png
gui\button\d_zhenya_idle.png
gui\button\full_hover.png
gui\button\full_idle.png
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\button\window_hover.png
gui\button\window_idle.png
gui\diary_pictures\cj_portret.png
gui\diary_pictures\cj_portret_jenya_sticker.png
gui\mm\mm_diary_hover.png
gui\mm\mm_diary_idle.png
gui\mm\mm_gallery_hover.png
gui\mm\mm_gallery_idle.png
gui\mm\mm_load_hover.png
gui\mm\mm_load_idle.png
gui\mm\mm_preferences_hover.png
gui\mm\mm_preferences_idle.png
gui\mm\mm_quit_hover.png
gui\mm\mm_quit_idle.png
gui\mm\mm_start_hover.png
gui\mm\mm_start_idle.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\game_menu2.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\qm\qm_auto_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_auto_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_diary_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_diary_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_hide_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_hide_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_history_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_history_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_preferences_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_preferences_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_qload_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_qload_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_qsave_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_qsave_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_rollback_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_rollback_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_save_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_save_idle.png
gui\qm\qm_skip_hover.png
gui\qm\qm_skip_idle.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
images\.DS_Store
images\eye.png
images\framei.png
images\framei1.png
images\phone_background.png
images\phone_foreground.png
images\phone_received_frame.png
images\phone_received_icon.png
images\phone_send_frame.png
images\phone_send_icon.png
images\bg\IMG_20240401_010713_264.png
images\bg\bg_canteen.PNG
images\bg\bg_classroom.png
images\bg\bg_classroom2.png
images\bg\bg_door.png
images\bg\bg_hallway.png
images\bg\bg_hallway_dark.PNG
images\bg\bg_hallway_day.PNG
images\bg\bg_hallway_light.PNG
images\bg\bg_kitchen_evening.png
images\bg\bg_kitchen_morning.png
images\bg\bg_library.png
images\bg\bg_park_day.png
images\bg\bg_park_winter.png
images\bg\bg_post.png
images\bg\bg_room_dawn.png
images\bg\bg_room_evening.png
images\bg\bg_room_morning.png
images\bg\bg_room_zhenya.png
images\bg\bg_room_zhenya_dark1.png
images\bg\bg_room_zhenya_dark2.png
images\bg\bg_rut.png
images\bg\bg_rutnoeve.png
images\bg\bg_rutscreen.png
images\bg\bg_street_day_spring.png
images\bg\bg_street_morning_spring.png
images\bg\bg_street_morning_winter.png
images\bg\bg_street_night_spring.png
images\bg\bg_street_night_winter.png
images\bg\bg_uni_day.png
images\bg\bg_uni_evening.png
images\bg\bg_uni_morning.png
images\c\default.png
images\c\finger.png
images\c\hand1.png
images\c\hand2.png
images\c\hand3.png
images\cj\cj_aftertalk.png
images\cj\cj_alex.png
images\cj\cj_book.png
images\cj\cj_cake.png
images\cj\cj_cake2.png
images\cj\cj_canteen_timur.png
images\cj\cj_chapter1.png
images\cj\cj_chapter12.png
images\cj\cj_chapter2.png
images\cj\cj_chapter2_start.png
images\cj\cj_cockroach.png
images\cj\cj_cockroach_screamer1.png
images\cj\cj_cockroach_screamer2.png
images\cj\cj_cooking.png
images\cj\cj_divination.png
images\cj\cj_divination1.1.png
images\cj\cj_divination1.2.png
images\cj\cj_divination1.3.png
images\cj\cj_divination1.4.png
images\cj\cj_divination1.5.png
images\cj\cj_divination1.png
images\cj\cj_divination1_1.png
images\cj\cj_divination1_2.png
images\cj\cj_divination1_3.png
images\cj\cj_divination1_4.png
images\cj\cj_divination1_5.png
images\cj\cj_divination2.png
images\cj\cj_divination3.png
images\cj\cj_divination4.png
images\cj\cj_divination5.png
images\cj\cj_divination6.png
images\cj\cj_door.png
images\cj\cj_door2.png
images\cj\cj_door_girl.png
images\cj\cj_eat_cake.png
images\cj\cj_gift.png
images\cj\cj_goodbye.png
images\cj\cj_mc_jenya.png
images\cj\cj_mcpark.png
images\cj\cj_meet_jenya.png
images\cj\cj_meet_jenya_angry.png
images\cj\cj_meet_jenya_blush.png
images\cj\cj_meet_jenya_draw.png
images\cj\cj_meet_jenya_search.png
images\cj\cj_meet_jenya_smile.png
images\cj\cj_nocockroach.png
images\cj\cj_number.png
images\cj\cj_pancake.png
images\cj\cj_pancakes.png
images\cj\cj_pancakes_2.png
images\cj\cj_porige.png
images\cj\cj_porige_noberries.png
images\cj\cj_portret.png
images\cj\cj_portret_jenya.png
images\cj\cj_portret_jenya_sticker.png
images\cj\cj_room_window.png
images\cj\cj_timescip.png
images\cj\cj_trace.png
images\cj\cj_trace_V1.png
images\cj\cj_trace_V3.png
images\cj\cj_trashcan.png
images\cj\cj_window.png
images\coockieChoice\cg_cookie.png
images\coockieChoice\cg_nocookie.png
images\coockieChoice\cg_yescookie.png
images\coockieChoice\cookie_button_hover.png
images\coockieChoice\cookie_button_idle.png
images\coockieChoice\lid_button_hover.png
images\coockieChoice\lid_button_idle.png
images\game\amulet.png
images\game\candle.png
images\game\incense.png
images\game\tablecloth.png
images\game\inventory\amulet.png
images\game\inventory\candle.png
images\game\inventory\incense.png
images\game\inventory\tablecloth.png
images\mm\bg_class_1.png
images\mm\bg_class_10.png
images\mm\bg_class_2.png
images\mm\bg_class_4.png
images\mm\bg_class_6.png
images\mm\bg_class_8.png
images\mm\bg_class_logo.png
images\posters\hover.png
images\posters\lock.png
images\posters\p_1.png
images\posters\p_2.png
images\posters\p_3.png
images\posters\p_4.png
images\posters\p_5.png
images\rutChoice\alex_button_hover.png
images\rutChoice\alex_button_idle.png
images\rutChoice\diary_test.png
images\rutChoice\eve_button_hover.png
images\rutChoice\eve_button_idle.png
images\rutChoice\jenya_button_hover.png
images\rutChoice\jenya_button_idle.png
images\rutChoice\margo_button_hover.png
images\rutChoice\margo_button_idle.png
images\rutChoice\timur_button_hover.png
images\rutChoice\timur_button_idle.png
images\sprites\alex normal.png
images\sprites\jenya angry hands.png
images\sprites\jenya angry home.png
images\sprites\jenya angry winter.png
images\sprites\jenya angry.png
images\sprites\jenya blush hands.png
images\sprites\jenya blush home.png
images\sprites\jenya blush winter.png
images\sprites\jenya blush.png
images\sprites\jenya grin hands.png
images\sprites\jenya grin home.png
images\sprites\jenya grin winter.png
images\sprites\jenya grin.png
images\sprites\jenya normal hands.png
images\sprites\jenya normal home.png
images\sprites\jenya normal smile hands.png
images\sprites\jenya normal smile home.png
images\sprites\jenya normal smile winter.png
images\sprites\jenya normal smile.png
images\sprites\jenya normal smile2 hands.png
images\sprites\jenya normal winter.png
images\sprites\jenya normal.png
images\sprites\jenya sad hands.png
images\sprites\jenya sad home.png
images\sprites\jenya sad winter.png
images\sprites\jenya sad.png
images\sprites\jenya smile home.png
images\sprites\jenya smile winter.png
images\sprites\jenya smile.png
images\sprites\jenya smile2 home.png
images\sprites\jenya smile3 hands.png
images\sprites\jenya surprise hands.png
images\sprites\jenya surprise home.png
images\sprites\jenya surprise winter.png
images\sprites\jenya surprise.png
images\sprites\jenya thoughtful hands.png
images\sprites\jenya thoughtful home.png
images\sprites\jenya thoughtful winter.png
images\sprites\jenya thoughtful.png
images\sprites\jenya yawn home.png
images\sprites\mc angry crossed.png
images\sprites\mc blush hand.png
images\sprites\mc blush home.png
images\sprites\mc blush winter.png
images\sprites\mc blush.png
images\sprites\mc normal crossed.png
images\sprites\mc normal hand.png
images\sprites\mc normal home.png
images\sprites\mc normal winter.png
images\sprites\mc normal.png
images\sprites\mc sad crossed.png
images\sprites\mc sad hand.png
images\sprites\mc sad home.png
images\sprites\mc sad winter.png
images\sprites\mc sad.png
images\sprites\mc smile crossed.png
images\sprites\mc smile hand.png
images\sprites\mc smile home.png
images\sprites\mc smile winter.png
images\sprites\mc smile.png
images\sprites\mc surprise hand.png
images\sprites\mc surprise home.png
images\sprites\mc surprise winter.png
images\sprites\mc surprise.png
images\sprites\mc talk crossed.png
images\sprites\mc thoughtful crossed.png
images\sprites\timur angry.png
images\sprites\timur normal smile.png
images\sprites\timur normal.png
images\sprites\timur sad.png
images\sprites\timur smile.png
images\sprites\timur surprise.png
images\sprites\timur thoughtful.png
saves\_reload-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-1-LT1.save
saves\auto-10-LT1.save
saves\auto-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-3-LT1.save
saves\auto-4-LT1.save
saves\auto-5-LT1.save
saves\auto-6-LT1.save
saves\auto-7-LT1.save
saves\auto-8-LT1.save
saves\auto-9-LT1.save
saves\navigation.json
saves\persistent
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
